Republicans are calling for the tax cut you promised in your campaign. Would you like to sign it into law?
President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017. Its most major impact is as you might expect: it decreased tax rates for many individuals and businesses, intending to save Americans money and make it easier to start a business. The main criticisms were that the tax cuts seemed to favor wealthy individuals and corporations and that it increased the federal deficit significantly.
https://taxfoundation.org/the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-simplified-the-tax-filing-process-for-millions-of-americans/
An African American man was recently shot and killed by police. The Black Lives Matter movement is demanding that the officer responsible be prosecuted. What would you like to do in response? 
The Black Lives Matter movement was created to work against racism and the systematic discrimination of black people. One of the major impacts the movement has had revolved around their work to end police brutality and discrimination. This has led some to believe that the movement is anti-police and pro-police movements such as Blue Lives Matter have sprung up in response. 
https://blacklivesmatter.com/
The Syrian government attacked civilians with chemical weapons. How would you like to respond? 
A deadly chemical attack which killed over 100 people and used nerve agents was carried out by the Syrian government in 2017. This led to the United States taking retaliatory action by bombing air bases controlled by the government to show their disdain for the human rights violations occurring in Syria.   
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/04/world/middleeast/syria-gas-attack.html
Mr. President, we discovered the location of ISIS members in Afghanistan. How would you like to respond? 
Following the United States government’s discovery of an Islamic State cave complex in Afghanistan, the U.S. decided to drop a massive weapon on the base known as MOAB (Mother Of All Bombs) on the terrorists. This resulted in 94 Islamic State fighters being killed. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/13/world/asia/moab-mother-of-all-bombs-afghanistan.html
The Republican Party is concerned about the Affordable Care Act. How would you like to respond?
The Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, is a complicated piece of healthcare legislation and arguably one of the most important achievements of President Obama’s presidency. President Trump and many Republicans did not like the bill and sought to replace it with stronger legislation or repeal it entirely. Obamacare is highly praised for expanding quality healthcare access to many more people, but critics argue that costs often increase, among other issues.
https://www.healthcare.gov/glossary/affordable-care-act/
The United Nations has made an accord to increase efforts to combat global warming. Should the United States remain in this deal?
The Paris Climate Agreement is an agreement within the United Nations that calls for countries to work together to combat climate change. The efforts the countries involved in the agreement undertake are things such as tracking and attempting to limit emissions and creating public awareness about climate change. Recently the United States has finalized its decision to pull out of this agreement.    
https://unfccc.int/resource/bigpicture/#content-the-paris-agreemen
A group of white nationalists are marching in Charlottesville and protesting the removal of Confederate statues. How would you like to respond? 
In an effort to halt the removal of Confederate Civil War statues a group of white nationalist protesters marched in Charlottesville in a march known as the “Unite the Right” march. Due to the large amount of neo-nazi and KKK members involved counter-protests quickly broke out and a violent clash between sides ensued. President Trump responded by claiming that there were “very fine people on both sides” and that he felt that General Robert E. Lee was a great general so it would be logical that people would want to defend monuments to him.  
https://time.com/charlottesville-white-nationalist-rally-clashes/
Your executive order calling for a travel ban has caused controversy due to some people believing it is islamophobic. What would you like to do? 
One of President Trump’s first executive actions in January 2017 was to enact a ban on foreigners from seven countries from entering the U.S., in addition to some other restrictions. Many critics saw the policy as islamophobic, as the countries banned were primarily Muslim countries, while Trump and his supporters justified it as for the sake of national security. The ban proved to be a highly partisan issue and faced numerous legal challenges. Eventually, after a series of revisions, a version of the travel ban was upheld by the Supreme Court.
https://www.aclu-wa.org/pages/timeline-muslim-ban
One of the justices on the Supreme Court has passed away. Who would you like to appoint?
Following the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Obama attempted to appoint Merrick Garland however, Congress refused to start his appointment hearing. This meant that when Trump became president there was a vacant seat on the Supreme Court and to fill this seat he chose to appoint Neil Gorsuch a conservative judge who at the time worked for the US Court of Appeals. Gorsuch was later confirmed by congress and is currently a member of the United States Supreme Court.   
https://www.oyez.org/justices/neil_gorsuch
Protests in support of gender equality are insinuating that you do not support women’s rights. How will you respond?
 Following Trump’s election as president, many left-leaning Americans felt that he posed a threat to reproductive, women’s, and human rights. This concern is what sparked a massive protest to break out on the first day of his presidency. In response to the protestors, Trump tweeted, “Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.” 
https://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/womens-march
Caravans of Central American migrants are approaching the southern border. How will you respond?
In October 2018, thousands of Central Americans fled from dangerous situations in their home countries and pushed towards the U.S.-Mexico border en masse. They did not have immigration papers and hoped to seek asylum in the U.S. President Trump tweeted that the situation was a national emergency, although legally the claim didn’t actually mean anything. He also threatened to cut aid to Central American countries but did not go through with that plan.
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-45951782
ISIS has lost most of its ground in Syria. Are you ready to call the operations successful?
In December 2018, ISIS had lost all but a small fraction of its territory in Syria. In a surprise move, President Trump decided to withdraw troops from Syria, a move that was met with indignation from not only his usual critics but also many Republican lawmakers, national security aides, and military commanders. The decision was criticized as playing into the hands of Russia and Iran and frustrated many of Trump’s allies both in the U.S. and abroad.
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-45547595
One of your key campaign policies on border control is unlikely to be funded in the next government budget. What is your plan?
A wall at the U.S.-Mexico border had been a goal of President Trump’s from the beginning of his campaign. In December 2018, he demanded $5.7 billion in federal funding for the border wall with the threat of a veto. Trump and Congress couldn’t strike a deal, and the government was partially shut down for over a month - the largest such shutdown in American history. The aggressive tactics were not well-received; despite the popularity of the wall, most voters did not want to shut the government down over it.
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-46824649
Tensions are escalating over a possible trade war with China. What will you do?
The trade war with China is a complex piece of foreign policy that continues changing today. This specific incident refers to September 2018, when the Trump administration imposed tariffs on $200 billion of Chinese products. In response, China added another $60 billion of tariffs on U.S. goods. Generally, trade wars are a good way to increase demand and improve trade, but they can increase costs, cause shortages, and stunt the economy of both countries.
https://www.china-briefing.com/news/the-us-china-trade-war-a-timeline/
Tensions over North Korea’s nuclear program are mounting. How will you address the issue?
In June 2018, President Trump met with Chairman Kim Jong Un of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (i.e. North Korea) in Singapore. This meeting was particularly notable as it was the first in-person meeting between the leaders of the U.S. and North Korea. One of the intended goals of the summit was to encourage North Korea’s denuclearization. Only vague promises of nuclear disarmament were made, but the positive outlook after the meeting inspired that more meetings could happen to continue negotiations, although talks have significantly slowed since Singapore.
https://www.nti.org/learn/countries/north-korea/
Your administration has been criticized for separating families that attempt to cross the border illegally. How will you respond?
The Trump administration implemented a zero-tolerance policy regarding illegal border crossings in April 2018. Following reports that over 2,000 children had been separated from their parents at the border, in June 2018, President Trump altered the policy, keeping the low tolerance for illegal entry but detaining families together. Many critics were still concerned that the conditions in Customs and Border Protection facilities were not suitable for anyone to be held in, even illegal immigrants.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2019/05/02/border-family-separations-trump-administration-border-patrol/3563990002/
The FBI has released a report stating that Russia meddled in the election to help put you in office. How will you respond?
By July 2018, the CIA, FBI, NSA, and several other government groups had concluded that Russia had influenced the 2016 presidential election. With the 2018 midterms looming, those same agencies were concerned that Russia would also meddle in those elections. However, President Trump contradicted these conclusions, causing Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence, to formally rebuke him in a highly unusual move for a sitting official to do. After that, Trump seemed to vacillate and not give a straight answer regarding his opinion.
https://www.wired.com/story/trump-ukraine-call-russia-2016-election-hacking/
Justice Anthony Kennedy has resigned from the Supreme Court. Who will you appoint in his place?
When Justice Anthony Kennedy resigned from the Supreme Court effective July 2018, it was an opportunity for President Trump to shift the ideology of the Supreme Court to the right. Trump nominated Brett Kavanaugh, a conservative appellate judge, as his pick for the newest Justice. However, Kavanaugh proved extremely controversial not only for his legal opinions but because of Dr. Christine Blasey Ford’s accusation that Kavanaugh had sexually assaulted her in the 1980s. In the end, Kavanaugh was appointed, but his path to the Supreme Court was even more partisan and controversial than most. 
https://www.oyez.org/justices/brett_m_kavanaugh
Congress will not pass a federal funding bill without support for the DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) program, allowing child immigrants to stay in the country. What is your plan?
In January 2018, Congress had a showdown over negotiations for the DACA program. In the end, the government shut down for a few weeks over the issue, and the American people were generally disappointed with President Trump and members of Congress in both parties. Government shutdowns are generally unpopular because they are disruptive to federal workers and services and are generally costly and bad for the economy.
https://www.uscis.gov/archive/consideration-deferred-action-childhood-arrivals-daca
How do you intend to manage the threat of Iran developing nuclear weapons?
In May 2018, President Trump withdrew from the 2015 Iran Nuclear Deal which prevented sanctions on Iran and restricted Iran’s nuclear program. Trump had argued that the agreement was flawed and worked in favor of Iran, not the U.S. The deal had been praised for slowing Iran’s path to nuclear weapons, although one major criticism is that by reducing sanctions, Iran could bolster its economy and use it to support terrorist organizations.
https://foreignpolicy.com/2019/07/01/how-close-is-iran-to-a-nuclear-bomb-really/
With the upcoming 2020 census, you have the opportunity to add or remove questions that will be asked of every person in the country. Are there any questions that you would like to add to the census?
President Trump had been interested in adding a question to the 2020 U.S. Census asking if responders are citizens of the U.S., with the intended purpose of getting a better estimate of eligible voters to enforce the Voting Rights Act. Critics argue that the question could be used to target undocumented immigrants and would discourage them from filling out the census and would underestimate the true populations of Democratic states with large immigrant populations, potentially costing them Electoral College votes for the next decade. After the Supreme Court expressed skepticism at Trump’s reasoning, he backed down from the issue.
https://www.npr.org/2019/07/02/738187530/trump-administration-to-print-2020-census-without-citizenship-question
You are finding it incredibly difficult to get funding for a major policy you are interested in pursuing. How will you go about trying to solve this issue?
In February 2019, President Trump declared a state of emergency at the Southern border in order to divert military funds for a border wall. The move was generally met with criticism, although many Republican lawmakers and voters approved of the use of emergency powers. Although the declaration was met with legal challenges, eventually the Supreme Court cleared the way for the military funding to be used.
https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2019/02/trump-state-of-emergency/582913/
Due to disagreements about a new government budget, the government has been shut down. You are frustrated by the lack of progress during meetings. How do you react?
In the midst of the December 2018 to January 2019 government shutdown, which ended up being the longest shutdown in American history, President Trump walked out of negotiations with the Democratic leaders of the House and Senate, who refused to back Trump’s border wall plan. The public was generally upset over the shutdown, and eventually, Trump was forced to surrender his position on the border wall in late January.
https://www.businessinsider.com/history-of-government-shutdowns-in-congress-2018-1
Several mass shootings have occurred over the last few weeks. The public is clamoring for a response from the POTUS.
So far in the year 2019, there have been more mass shootings than days in the year with a total of 334 mass shootings across the United States. This has sparked a massive amount of concern about gun control in the United States. In response to this Trump has made a variety of statements including this recent statement with regards to background checks.  “We have very, very strong background checks right now,” he told reporters at the White House. “But we have sort of missing areas and areas that don’t complete the whole circle.” While Trump tends to support advocates of the second amendment in response to high levels of mass shootings Trump has conceded that some legislation may be necessary.  
https://www.politico.com/story/2019/08/20/trump-gun-control-1470362
You are currently being sued by almost twenty states over a controversial use of emergency powers. How will you respond to these allegations?
By April 2019, 20 states had filed a joint lawsuit arguing against President Trump’s use of emergency powers to fund a wall on the Southern border using military funding. Critics argued that his declaration of a national emergency was unconstitutional. Eventually, the Supreme Court blocked a lower court ruling that would have prevented the funding, effectively approving his use of the powers. 
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-46784315
A white supremacist committed an act of terrorism against two mosques in New Zeland, killing 51 people. How will you respond to this attack?
In March of 2019, an Australia man used a semi-automatic weapon to attack two mosques in New Zealand. President Trump condemned the actions of the shooter calling the shooting a “terrible event.” When questioned on whether or not he felt the shooting was due to an increase in white nationalism Trump stated, "I think it's a small group of people that have very, very serious problems, I guess."
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/new-zealand-mosque-shootings
Robert Mueller has just published his report on the Russian interference in the 2016 election. How will you react to this report?
In April 2019, Special Counsel Robert Mueller released a comprehensive document detailing his investigation into the Russian interference in the 2016 election. President Trump had been accused of colluding with the Russians to influence the election in his favor. The report did not conclude Trump had committed any crimes in regard to the Russian influence, but it explicitly did not exonerate him either. Despite this, Trump claimed the report completely vindicated him.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/politics/read-the-mueller-report/
There is an upcoming meeting about the climate crisis and Amazon fires at the G7 conference. 
Is there anything specific you would be interested in doing for this meeting?
At the 2019 G7 Summit in August, President Trump was notably absent from a discussion on climate change that the other six leaders at the conference attended. This came in front of the backdrop of the Amazon rainforest fires, which continue burning to this day. Critics of Trump used this as another example of his unwillingness to fight what some see as the biggest issue to humanity, although Trump claims he was at another meeting and simply had a scheduling conflict.
https://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2019-10-17/climate-change-not-on-agenda-for-2020-g7-summit
People have been raising concerns about the various troops the United States has posted abroad. Would you like to do anything about the current deployment of U.S. troops?
In October 2019, President Trump withdrew American forces in Syria. The decision was widely criticized as it effectively conceded the Syrian territory to the Syrian government and Russia. The decision was also seen by most as an abandonment and a betrayal of the Kurdish fighters and civilians in the area. It also likely also helped ISIS regain some control in the region.
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/13/us/politics/mark-esper-syria-kurds-turkey.html
The 2020 election is coming up and you are beginning to worry about your chance of reelection. Is there anything you are interested in doing to try and gain an advantage over your opponents?
In July 2019, President Trump and President Volodymyr Zelenskiy of Ukraine talked over the phone. The exact details of what happened on that phone call are unclear, but it appears that Trump was interested in obtaining political dirt on Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden to bolster his reelection chances. The scandal has ballooned into a still-developing impeachment inquiry.
https://www.npr.org/2019/10/03/766801353/trump-publicly-calls-for-china-and-ukraine-to-investigate-bidens